what is love seriously - what is it what
is love a verb a noun a universal truth
an ideal the common thread of all
religions a cult a neurological
phenomenon there's no shortage of
answers some are all encompassing it
conquers all it's all you need it's all
there is these are all comparisons tough
ways of defining it by contrast by
saying it's more important than all
other things but is it sure love matters
more than your standard turkey sandwich
but does it matter more than shelter or
sanity or an exceptional turkey sandwich
no matter your answer you're just
ranking it not defining it another
challenge to defining love is we often
try to do so while falling into it or
out of it would you trust someone who
just won the lottery to accurately
define the concept of currency or I
don't know ask a guy to define bears
while he's fending them off or is
romance not like winning the lottery
our breakups not like bear attacks bad
comparisons that's my point
I'm not thinking right because I'm in
love Soha taking a step back or taking a
cold shower whatever love is potentially
the most intensely thought about thing
in all of human history and despite
centuries upon centuries of obsession it
still overwhelms us some say it's a
feeling a magical emotion a feeling for
someone like you've never felt before
but feelings are fluid not very concrete
foundation for a definition sometimes
you hate the person you love plus come
on you've felt feelings like it before
sort of in miniature your relationships
with your family shape your
relationships with partners and your
love for your partner may be in its own
dynamic relationship healthy or totally
weird with the love of your parents and
siblings love is also a set of behaviors
we associate with the feeling holding
hands
kissing hugging public displays of
affection dating marriage having kids or
just sex but these loving actions can be
subjective or culturally relative you
may love or be someone who can't have
kids or doesn't want to who
believes in marriage but also in divorce
who's from a culture where people don't
really date the way we think of dating
or who just doesn't want to make out on
the bus but if love is a thing that we
can define then how can it mean opposite
things for so many people so maybe loves
all just in your head a personal mystery
winding through your neural pathways and
lighting up pleasing natural rewards in
your nervous system perhaps these
rewards are addictive perhaps love is a
temporary or permanent addiction to a
person just like a person can be
addicted to a drug I don't mean to be
edgy like some pop song evidence shows
that chemicals in your brain stimulated
by another person can make you develop a
habit for that person the person comes
to satisfy a physiological craving and
you want more but then sometimes slowly
or suddenly you don't you've fallen out
of love become unadapted for a spell
what happened does one develop a
tolerance or hit a limit why do some
lovers stay addicted to each other their
entire lives perhaps to create new lives
to proliferate their species maybe love
is just human DNA's optimal method for
bringing about its own replication there
are evolutionary arguments regarding
every human mating behavior from how we
display ourselves to potential mates to
how we treat each other in relationships
to how we raise kids thus some argue
that the feeling you think you feel in
your soul is just biologies way to make
you continue our species
Nature has selected you to have crushes
on hotties just like it makes monkeys
have crushes on hot monkeys and biology
marches on but is that all love is or
perhaps worse is it just a construct
some fake concept we all convince each
other to try to live up to for a fake
sense of purpose maybe it is a construct
but let's be more precise about what a
construct is because love is constructed
from reality our experiences feelings
brain chemistry cultural expectations
our lives and this edifice can be viewed
through countless dimensions scientific
emotional historical spiritual legal or
just personal if no two people are the
same no two people's love is the same
either so in every loving relationship
there's a lot to talk about and partners
should be open to that or the
relationship probably won't last love is
always up for this
and sure under construction so if we
can't define it
that's a good sign it means we're all
still making it wait I didn't mean you
know what I meant